---
title: "Resume"
date: "2023-10-16T11:02:08-07:00"
author: " Efesoy "
cover:
    image: 
---

# SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
-  Electrical and Computer engineering student specializing in Embedded Systems, Signal Conditioning, FPGA & PCB Design, Hardware
Development and Project Management, with hands-on experience.
-  Applied programming skills with Java, C++, Python, HTML&CSS, and Git, firmware experience in FPGA & PCB projects
-  Eager to expand knowledge in Embedded Systems, Signal Conditioning and Digital Design to deliver effective projects.
-  Experience in research and project development, including designing a NASA-aligned meteor detection system at SEAL Lab and developing static websites to showcase educational resources.
-  Founder and President of the Turkish Student Association at University of Washington, member of Theta Delta Chi Fraternity

# EDUCATION
- University of Washington Sept 2022 – June 2026
B.Sc. Electrical and Computer Engineering GPA: 3.52
Seattle, WA
- Related Coursework:  Signal Processing, Computer Hardware Skills, Digital Circuits and Systems, Topics in Electrical Engineering, Hardware Skills, Fundamentals of Electrical Engineering, Computer Science I-II-III

# SKILLS
- Software: Java, C++, Python, Git, HTML & CSS
- Hardware: PCB Design, Oscilloscope, Digital Design, ModelSim, Quartus
- Firmware: FPGA, Microcontrollers, System Verilog
- Design Tools: 3D Printing & Design

# EXPERIENCE & PROJECTS
## SEAL Lab |  Sep 2024 – Present
**Undergraduate Research Assistant**
-  In collaboration with NASA's efforts to understand meteoritic impacts on Earth, we focus on designing a passive antenna system capable of
detecting Very-Low-Frequency (VLF) and Ultra-Low-Frequency (ULF) signals generated by meteor plasma.
-  Led efforts to optimize data acquisition, reducing data loss and improving storage solutions. Designed a scalable data management system to
handle large datasets
-  Enhanced embedded antenna systems by identifying and addressing hardware malfunctions, improving system reliability and accuracy during
meteor detection operations
## Static Website Design (https://tbakie.github.io/TBEwebsite/)  Oct 2023 – Present
**Personal Project**
-  Utilized HTML and JavaScript to create and manage a static website that showcases educational materials on web development.Published more than 15 posts that includes tutorials and tips on creating and improving static websites.
-  Choose Hugo, a static side generator written in Go, to make an efficient website with fast prototyping capabilities.
-  Worked with interdisciplinary manager to refine website development processes and enhance content quality. Leveraged GitHub for version control and public publication, effectively integrating features and improvements into the portfolio.
-  Experience: VS Code, GitHub, HTML
## Jebwa (jebwa.com) June 2023 – Aug 2023
**Software Engineering Intern**
-  Engineered and implemented targeted marketing campaigns using Java and Python. Developed algorithms and scripts to enhance user
engagement, drive sales, and analyze campaign performance.
-  Conducted testing to improve service efficiency and performance. Assisted with customer inquiries to enhance service quality and overall user experience.
-  Worked within a team to create and deploy custom backend code, facilitating effective communication between technical and non-technical stakeholders to meet project objectives.
## Meta, TikTok and Shopify Advertising/Influencing  Dec 2022 – Present
**Freelance**
-  Strategically leveraged TikTok, Facebook, and Google advertising platforms to create compelling ad campaigns that effectively reached and engaged target audiences, resulting in increased brand visibility and sales conversions.
-  Managed an Instagram and Facebook accounts with over 20 million video interactions and a successful TikTok influencer account,
connecting with a broad audience and driving ad campaigns or product sales effectively.

# LEADERSHIPS & EXTRA CURRICULAR
## Turkish Association Founder and President  Oct 2022 – Present
- Led 75+ members in promoting Turkish culture at UW through events and initiatives. Organized fundraising drives to aid communities in Turkey and the US, while managing outreach and collaboration with other campus organizations.
## Theta Delta Chi (TDX) Fraternity Member  Jul 2023- Present
- Active participant in the historic Xi Deuteron Chapter, known for its strong legacy and community involvement. Contributed to impactful programs like Bros United and supported various philanthropic and social initiatives.
## Study Abroad & Research in Italy  Jun 2024 – Aug 2024
- Explored the connection between food, community, and well-being through immersive farmstays and cultural exchanges. Analyzed the impact of Italian culinary traditions on health, comparing them to U.S. practices for a global health perspective.

